Upgrade dependencies (#199)
aws-samples/busy-engineers-document-bucket: README.md

* [exercises](https://github.com/aws-samples/busy-engineers-document-bucket/tree/master/exercises) - the actual exercise source code for each supported language in the workshop.  `-start` is the content for actually working the exercise, and `-complete` is the finished exercise content, for reference.
* [instructions](https://github.com/aws-samples/busy-engineers-document-bucket/tree/master/instructions) - is the configuration and content for the documentation website, https://document-bucket.awssecworkshops.com

### Testing

> Having created a PR
> manually testing requires spinning up the workshop
> in a test account.
> Following the instructions for "using your own account".
> But before running `make bootstrap`,
> add your remote and check out your branch.
> `git fetch --all`
> `git remote add [name] [httpUrl]`
> `git checkout [pr-branch-name]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After creating a PR,
test the changes by manually spinning up the workshop in a test account.
To spin up the workshop,
follow the instructions [here](https://document-bucket.awssecworkshops.com/getting-started/#important-note-about-accounts) until you reach the `make bootstrap` step.
Before running `make bootstrap`,
add your remote and check out your branch:
1. `git fetch --all`
1. `git remote add [name] [httpUrl]`
1. `git checkout [pr-branch-name]`
```
